earlier today voigt said he was going to
see captain to do what needs to be done
in your suv you're asking if i killed kelton we
made bail sergeant boyd posted it this morning
let's go wilson young the same one yeah it's the
same one kelton had killed so he could win the
election it also happens to be monroe's cousin
my boy my uber i usually don't pick up two-star
passengers but yeah if you're all telling the
truth and that gun was used to kill the mayor
then dude pull the trigger where his blue
why wouldn't you just say what you were doing
because if i said what i was doing
antonio will lose his job jaylon my son i
didn't kill toby just tell me why you did it
covered [ __ ] on his deal when he threw
you under the bus for that serial killer
thing i imagine he offered you some kind
of arrangement that's you and your friend's
car two blocks from the crime scene five
minutes after the murder man put the gun down
there's an order to do what she needed to do
the way i do business concerns you
then get the hell out career's over i gotta
find a new job all i know is being the police
sarge that's who i am it's like all i got then
we fight it two armed defenders coming your way
long-term investigations
my commanders marty belmont
legit what's your real name vanessa
vanessa rose yeah we're good
there you go
he says dismissing the charges insufficient
evidence we're going to be working together
what are you talking about you're in i'm in that
so jay went to slow we find her we find jay marcus
didn't kill those two kids what i'm a cop i
arrested him you deserve to die angela nelson
she was married to marcus west the addict who got
killed at county jay still blames himself for that
hell you doing in chicago trey whoopsie got shot
to death and you got caught on surveillance camera
leaving his warehouse with a gun in your hand i
didn't shoot him do you want to come with me did
you make a decision or something yes i'm having
the baby feeling like i was asleep for a year
brother chris cause she's my girl bro for hell
away from christy and keep your damn mouth shut
jordan where you at i need you to call
me back bro there is it's time to start
working for the police i get it i'm a snitch i got
something good girl the new ci dairy transplant
that's definitely our baby we're not meant to
be together but we're meant to be family use him
even though he might have just off to ci keep him
in play fable he was my guy i put him out there
sure is that is the cost of the game but you're
the one who has to carry this is officer burgess
i answered your call two days ago i told
you to hang on i've been looking for you
all right
still right here
driving while being black you got to do what
you think is right keep in mind you're a cop
i've done research on this cop doyle it's got
a track record this isn't about you anymore
this is about the future of chicago you backed me
i appreciate that bro well i didn't come down here
to shake hands and make up go down for that murder
but i will get your badge one way or the other
oh but you gotta be kidding me that's tom
doyle sure apparently area cells got doyle
working undercover with tony reid's crew
doors patrol he got promoted to detective
the thing that happened last year with me and you
i just want to apologize that is
a brother in a known gang zone
carrying a bag walking into a stash
house stop i asked you a question
i repeat when officer is down
i'm right here with you i just
need you to fight though i need you to fight okay
they rest in peace only silver lining is he
went out a hero his name will be memorialized
on the wall you come over to my house the day
after my husband got shot for no damn reason
and you want me to help you yeah doyle was
dead because of doing he did it to himself
there was no probable cause doyle saw a black
man walking down the street and started profiling
that kid was third generation police he's
got more uncles and cousins on the force
anybody i ever heard of and you're going
after his reputation on the way to the bar
door notice the male black walking down the street
steer in the back bro we
got you back no matter what
it means a lot sorry if you're coming for
me to come off okay look at me and you
oh that's what it is so that's what it is
i got the right one y'all know
exactly where i'm at i'm right here